Thank you for purchasing our AI product!

There are actually 2 AI systems in this package.

You may have some questions:

What's Silver AI? This is older and original version
and is no longer updated.
It was originally a low-cost AI system that 
offered paid addons for more advanced features.
It has evolved to become "AI Designer Lite".

What's AI Designer Lite? The next version of Silver AI.
It has been mostly rewritten.  It is the "Lite"
version of AI Designer Pro.  If this were still
the Silver AI family, this would be known as
"Silver AI 2" and AI Designer Pro, the more
advanced version, would have contained
all the paid addons for Silver AI.

Why is Silver AI still included?
In case any previous users still needed a copy.

Why is AI Designer Lite included?
AI Designer Lite is included as a free upgrade
to the next version of Silver AI.

Why didn't you just make a new package
for AI Designer Lite and keep Silver AI as-is?
Silver AI remains unchanged and is still included
in this package. We will make a new package just
for AI Designer Lite, but we also wanted to provide
our original Silver AI users with a free upgrade!

Is Silver AI still updated? No.

Is AI Designer Lite still updated? Yes.

Is AI Designer Lite backwards compatible
with older Silver AI projects? No.

Can I use both AI Designer Lite AND Silver AI
in the same project? Yes, they should have no
conflicts. But their codebase, weapon systems, 
API, and AI characters are not compatible.

I want to convert a Silver AI project to
AI Designer Lite. How complicated would that be?
There's no auto conversion process since AI Designer
is not backwards compatible. If you decide to upgrade
an older project, you will need to re-create all your
AI characters. We recommend you install AI Designer Lite
into your Silver AI project (will not overwrite). 
Then, create a blank scene, and drag an older Silver AI 
character into the scene. Then drag a copy of the same raw
model into the scene. Go to the Tools menu -> Ai Designer 
-> Create from Template.  Finally, copy over your character's
stats (Health, armor, movement speed, etc) and any
attached weapon models.  In AI Designer Lite, you will have
many more additional parameters to fill out.

So which one still I install?
We recommend you install AI Designer Lite for new projects.
If you have older Silver AI projects and don't require
additional features, you may continue using Silver AI as its
interface and workflow will be more familiar to you.

